DOC: Added auto solver table under Ridge Regression in Linear Models (#23297)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/linear_model.rst

    >>> reg.intercept_
    0.13636...

Note that the class :class:`Ridge` allows for the user to specify that the 
solver be automatically chosen by setting `solver="auto"`. When this option 
is specified, :class:`Ridge` will choose between the `"lbfgs"`, `"cholesky"`, 
and `"sparse_cg"` solvers. :class:`Ridge` will begin checking the conditions
shown in the following table from top to bottom. If the condition is true,
the corresponding solver is chosen.

+-------------+----------------------------------------------------+
| **Solver**  | **Condition**                                      |
+-------------+----------------------------------------------------+
| 'lbfgs'     | The ``positive=True`` option is specified.         |
+-------------+----------------------------------------------------+
| 'cholesky'  | The input array X is not sparse.                   |
+-------------+----------------------------------------------------+

> | 'sparse_cg' | All of the above conditions are not fulfilled.     |

Reviewer: The wording here feels a bit odd to me. I would prefer something like 
```suggestion
| 'sparse_cg' | None of the above conditions are fulfilled.        |
```

Author: Good point! That's definitely more direct. Thank you!

    >>> reg.intercept_
    0.13636...

Note that the class :class:`Ridge` allows for the user to specify that the 

> solver be automatically chosen when ``solver=auto``. When this option 

Reviewer 2: "auto" is a string and I believe that we no longer need to double quote technical word in our restructured text formatted doc.

```suggestion
solver be automatically chosen when `solver="auto"`. When this option 
```

> solver be automatically chosen when `solver="auto"`. When this option 

Reviewer: I think emphasizing the action here makes it a bit clearer.

```suggestion
solver be automatically chosen by setting `solver="auto"`. When this option 
```

> is specified, :class:`Ridge` will choose between the "lbfgs", "sag", 
> "cholesky", and "sparse_cg" solvers. :class:`Ridge` will begin checking 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is specified, :class:`Ridge` will choose between the `"lbfgs"`, `"sag"`, 
`"cholesky"`, and `"sparse_cg"` solvers. :class:`Ridge` will begin checking 
```

> is specified, :class:`Ridge` will choose between the `"lbfgs"`, `"sag"`, 
> `"cholesky"`, and `"sparse_cg"` solvers. :class:`Ridge` will begin checking 
> the conditions shown in the following table from top to bottom. If the 
> condition is true, the corresponding solver is chosen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is specified, :class:`Ridge` will choose between the `"lbfgs"`, `"cholesky"`, 
and `"sparse_cg"` solvers. :class:`Ridge` will begin checking the conditions
shown in the following table from top to bottom. If the condition is true,
the corresponding solver is chosen.
```

+-------------+----------------------------------------------------+
| **Solver**  | **Condition**                                      |
+-------------+----------------------------------------------------+
| 'lbfgs'     | The ``positive=True`` option is specified.         |
+-------------+----------------------------------------------------+

> | 'sag'       | The ``return_intercept=True`` option is specified. |

Reviewer 2: `return_intercept` is an artifact of the private API that does not directly map to any parameter of the public API. Here it would imply that `"sag"` is used by default by `Ridge` for dense data while actually `"cholesky"` is used (I believe).

I would just drop this line from the table. Alternatively one could use a sentence such as:

> When `solver="auto"`, :class:`Ridge` uses the `"cholesky"` solver for dense data and the `"sparse_cg"` solver for sparse data, unless `positive=True` is set, in which case the `"lbfgs"` solver will be used for either dense or sparse data.

I believe a similar statement should be added to the docstring of the `Ridge` and `RidgeCV` classes.

Author: Ah, I understand. I can strike the `"sag"` line from the table. I do really like your one-sentence description though. Do you think it would be okay to have both the table (without `"sag"`) and your description?
